[energetic music]
[light music]
- You're gonna have to
remember these formulas
on these math problems.
That's the only way you're
gonna pass Dr. Harper class.
- No matter how much we
do these algebra equations
I just can't get it.
- I don't know why
you didn't call me
over here three weeks earlier,
I coulda been got you ready.
- You're right but it's too late
for that now finals
is two days away.
- Yeah, you're right about that.
You gonna need a miracle
to get what it is.
- Hey.
[laughing]
I'm gonna--
- Just saying.
- Need you to have
more faith in me.
- Faith, you need
faith in these numbers.
Faith, four-leaf clover,
a drop of blood, all that.
- You ain't right.
- These problems ain't right.
[laughing]
- Hey babe, how was the library?
- [Benjamin] Surprisingly
quiet but I got my work done.
- That's good.
Babe you remember Quin.
- [Benjamin] Of course,
hey how you doing bother?
- Hey, what's up man?
Just over here helping Karen
get ready for these finals.
- [Benjamin] Well that's what
good friends are for right.
May I get you two another drink?
- No, thanks I'm full.
- I'll take one.
Thank you.
[lips smack]
- [Benjamin] Well good
seeing you again Quinton.
- You too.
- [Benjamin] All
right, well I'm gonna
let you two get at it.
I'm gonna go in the back and
take a nap while you study.
- Okay.
Okay.
- What a cool brother.
[laughing]
- He all right.
- Let me see you do this one.
[dramatic music]
- [Karen] Thanks so
much for coming by.
- Thanks, that'll be $20.
- Sure, put it on my tab.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- [Karen] Okay.
- Bye.
- Bye, see you.
- Come here.
What the hells wrong with you?
- I'm sorry.
- Answer me when
I'm talking to you.
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
He's just a friend.
[screaming]
No.
- Answer me when I'm
talking to you. [screaming]
- I'm sorry.
He's just a friend.
He's just my
friend, I'm promise.
I promise, I promise
he's just my friend.
He's just a friend.
[groaning]
- You up?
- Yes, I'm up.
- You don't look up.
- Girl, what do you want?
- Oh, mom told me to tell
you that breakfast is ready.
- Okay, I'll be
down in a minute.
- All right, well get up.
Why are you so slow to get up
it's so, freedom is awaiting you
and you act like
you don't even care.
- It's just college.
- Just college, just college.
Two years and I'll
be outta here, okay.
Then I'll show you
how to light it up.
I'll show you.
- Oh, yeah okay slow
it down Danica Patrick
you don't wanna
live life too fast.
- Yeah okay.
- Can you just get out so
I can put my clothes on.
- Yeah, okay whatever bye.
[screams]
- This how I got you high
school dance in the gym.
Yeah.
Take it down, take it down.
[laughing]
- What has gotten
into mom and dad?
- I have no idea they seem
to happy about something.
- Yo Dad, what are
we celebrating?
- Hey baby girl,
what you wanna know?
- What are we celebrating?
- Oh, nothin' much just
your exit from the house.
- And after that--
- Wow.
- What?
- One more to go.
- Wow.
- And one.
- You guys are so rude.
What is wrong with you.
- Very rude.
- Baby, your daddy's
just kidding.
You know he loves you.
- Can y'all please stop.
I feel like I'm on
Tom Joyner cruise.
- Do you hear that Gladys
our baby girl is hating on us.
- Don't be hater
all your life baby.
[laughing]
- Everything okay pumpkin?
- Yeah Dad, I'm fine.
- Well today is the big day
you're about to move in
your own new dorm room.
- I hope I like my roommate.
- Is that what
you're worried about?
- I mean yeah it has been awhile
since I've had my own room.
- Everything's gonna be
fine baby, just fine.
- I'm gonna miss you sis.
- Ah, I'm gonna
miss you too sis.
- And I'm taking your
room when you leave
so don't fight it.
- Mom.
- [mumbles].
- Y'all packed up pumpkin?
- Yeah Dad my life
is all packed up.
- All right.
- New beginnings.
New beginnings.
- Well I'm gonna
load up the car.
You finish eating we'll leave.
- Okay.
- [Winston] My baby in college.
[drums pounding]
[crowd chattering]
- Wow, it's nice.
- I like it.
- This is my new home.
- How are you gonna get
any school work done
with all that noise outside?
- Pretty sure that's
not gonna be going on
when school starts Dad.
- Yeah, so okay so where
are the boy's dorms?
- Get out of that window
and come help your
sister make her bed.
- All right Stacey, I don't
want your grades to slip, okay.
Now remember you're
on scholarship.
- I know, I am
razor focused Dad.
Ain't nothin' gonna
get me off my game.
- [Winston] That's my pumpkin.
[laughing]
[door knocking]
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Oh hi, I'm Stacey
your new roommate.
- Hey Stacey, I'm Jasmine.
- Nice to meet you Jasmine.
- Cool.
- This is father Winston.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice meeting you.
- And this my lovely
mother Gladys.
- Ah, she's such a
sweet little thing.
- Thank you.
- And I want you
to take care of my baby.
- Consider it done.
- And this is my troublesome
little sister Tweety.
- See mom, see she's already
misleading her roommate.
- I am so glad that
the two of y'all
will be apart for a while.
- Me too.
[laughing]
Well, bed's made, bags are down,
I think I got it from here dad.
- You kicking us out already.
Are you sure you don't want us
to stay and help you unpack?
- Oh yes, I am sure
before you guys start
to embarrass me.
- Don't worry about it,
I'll help her unpack,
it'll help us start
the bonding moment.
- And thanks dear.
And you call me before
you go to sleep tonight.
- Okay, I will Momma.
- Nice to meet you Jasmine.
- Nice, meeting you.
- [Gladys] And it was a
blessing meeting you too.
- Thank you, nice meeting you.
- You take care.
- Yes, mam.
- Hey stay up baby boy
- Why I gotta be Jody?
It's cool, we'll do.
- [Winston] Bye pumpkin.
- [Stacey] Bye Daddy.
- [Winston] All right,
buh-bye Jasmine.
- Oh, god Jasmine girl,
I am so sorry about that.
Sometimes my folks can
be so embarrassing.
- No they're so cute.
It's like the cast of
"Black-ish" was in my dorm room.
- What?
Really.
[laughing]
- So you from Houston?
- Yeah, actually I am.
Where are you from?
- Modesto California.
- What, that is
like so far away.
How did you even find
out about Texas Central.
- Well I was a
four-year letterman
in high school soccer
and they recruited me,
plus I always wanted
to go to HBCU.
You play any sports?
- Oh, no, no, no.
I write, I'm an English major.
- Cool so now I know who to go
to when my term paper's due.
- Yes, for about $20 a pop.
- How you gonna hustle
your new roommate?
- I'm just kidding.
[laughing]
- Yo there's a back to
school step show tonight
you down to go?
- I still have a lot
of bags to unpack
so I might wanna take
it a little slow.
On second thought
the bags can wait.
Girl, I'm down.
- Yeah.
Can't wait.
[upbeat music]
♪ I'm gonna educate
most of my people ♪
♪ About life and about most of
the things that I've learned ♪
♪ We live in a generation
where respect is not given ♪
♪ And not what they
ain't even learned ♪
♪ You can give all of
yourself to somebody ♪
♪ And not even get the
same thing in return ♪
♪ Niggers will live
in your place ♪
♪ And then lie in your face ♪
♪ And then you fuck
around and get burned ♪
♪ Where I'm gonna educate
most of my people ♪
♪ About life and about most of
the things that I've learned ♪
♪ I'm gonna give
'em the recipe ♪
♪ Then I seen ladies get angry ♪
♪ Get violent and end up jail ♪
♪ And most 'em lit a tale ♪
♪ But ask them, they'd
probably say fuck you ♪
♪ They like them
chocolate chocolate ♪
♪ They like that heavy cream ♪
♪ And they mix with
that cool whip ♪
♪ They like soft bit ♪
♪ They like that caramel ♪
♪ They like them chocolate chips
be melted on that hell yeah ♪
♪ Hell yeah ♪
♪ Cookie, cookie, cookie ♪
♪ All I wanna do is ♪
♪ Roll ♪
♪ Got me so high
for the weekend ♪
♪ Roll ♪
♪ Put your head down
so that we can ♪
♪ Roll ♪
[muffled rapping]
♪ Never come down
to the sun light ♪
♪ Roll ♪
- [Bartender] So how long
you plan on being here man?
- Now that's my last one.
- [Bartender] There's some
beautiful women in here.
- Yes, there is.
- [mumbles].
- Now who's that?
- Yeah, both of 'em.
- Man you didn't tell me
there's some hot girls
gonna be up in here.
- [mumbles].
- Her friend though, she's cute.
- That little [mumbles].
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Yeah, that right there gonna
be my next little project.
Try to tell you.
- [Bartender] I like that.
- Girl, you thinking
about pledging?
- Girl with school, soccer,
and all these boys around
I don't think so.
- [Bartender] Another drink.
- Yeah, pour me a
little more man.
- What you thinking
about pledging Stacey?
- Oh girl, no, if I do it
probably won't be this year.
Girl, I've got to stay focused.
♪ Undivided attention like
you taught the class ♪
♪ I'm forgetting to
mention how you often ask ♪
♪ About a nigger's intentions ♪
[muffled rapping]
♪ Look this invention ♪
- You do know if you
stare at him any longer,
you're gonna get
pregnant, right.
- Girl, shut up.
[laughing]
I was not staring.
- Yeah, okay.
Come on let's go
get some drinks.
♪ By the way that she workin' ♪
♪ Bitch I'm drunk as fuck ♪
♪ What ♪
- Hey Stacey how are you?
- I'm good, how are you?
- Oh my gosh,
I'm doing really good.
Good to see you.
- [Stacey] You too. I
didn't know you went here.
- Yeah, I transferred
here about a semester ago.
- [Stacey] This is
my roommate Jasmine.
- Hi Jasmine I'm [mumbles].
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hey ladies I'm
about to go step.
- [Stacey] Oh, cool we
gonna come with you.
- All right, all right
I see you all out there.
- Good to see you.
- Bye.
- [Bartender] How may I
help y'all lovely ladies?
- Can we get two [mumbles]?
♪ All right ♪
[laughing]
- Good morning scholars.
I am Professor James,
allow me to tell you a
little bit about myself.
I was born and raised right
here in Houston, Texas.
I left here and went
to Howard University
where I received a double major
in English and in business.
And then I left Howard and
came back here to Texas
right here to this school,
Texas Central where I got my
master's and my doctorate.
I put a lot into my education
so I expect nothing
less from none of you.
I only have two rules in
my room, make that three.
[book thuds]
First there is no
sleeping in my classroom.
Secondly respect each other.
Third don't ask for extra
credit this is not high school.
The young man to
my immediate right
is now passing out the
syllabus for this semester.
So next Wednesday I expect
each and every last one of you
to have your books, no excuses.
You will see this young man
periodically in my classroom
because he's my
graduate student.
- Hey.
- [Stacey] Benjamin Williams.
- [Stacey] Stacey Atwater.
- Yeah.
You was at the step
show last night, right?
- [Stacey] Are you following me.
[laughing]
- No, I just never
forget a pretty face.
- Before you look
inside of your syllabus
I'd like to inform you that this
is gonna be the only short day
of the semester so enjoy it.
Class dismissed.
- So where you heading next?
- Biology.
Biology, do you mind
if I walk you to class?
- [Stacy] Sure, why not.
- Let me grab this bag for you.
- Thank you.
So do you give all
the freshmen girls
this special treatment?
- What?
[laughing]
See that's messed up.
What a guy just can't be
nice and have no motives?
- No.
[laughing]
I'm just kidding.
- Uh-huh.
Okay.
So I'm pretty sure you had a
lot of schools to choose from
why Texas Central?
- Family tradition.
I had two cousins who
went here in the 90s,
I really just couldn't see
myself going anywhere else.
What about you?
- Well, I mean
this school it has,
it's great for TV and film
so that's why I'm
here how to learn
how to write and direct films.
- Oh, so I might be walking
with the next Tyler Perry.
- Hey, hey now you might be.
So you might wanna be nice.
- I will do my best.
[laughing]
- Well, thank you for
letting me keep you company.
- Well thank you, it
was very kind of you.
And I appreciate it.
- Here's my card, give
me a call sometime.
- What?
- Ooh fancy.
- Oh, okay.
[laughing]
Robert Rodriguez said,
"Every filmmaker should
"have a business card."
- [Stacey] Who?
- The director from "Desperado".
"Dust till Dawn".
Look don't worry about it,
we'll talk about
filmmaking another time
if you have time to fit
me in your schedule.
- I might can squeeze you in
for a few minutes tomorrow.
- Okay, that's what
I like to hear.
- Bye.
[gentle music]
- Hey Jas.
- What it do?
Ain't that how y'all say
it down here in Texas?
[laughing]
- So funny.
Now all you need is Paul
Wall grill and [mumbles] cap
and you'll fit right in.
- How was your first day of
classes, your professors cool?
- Well yeah, first
day was pretty decent.
My professors were nice, they
were cool for the most part.
- Yeah, they all seem nice till
they drop a pop quiz on us.
- You know what?
That's why mam, we
gotta stay ready.
Already bought all my
books from the bookstore.
- Yep, let's go ahead get to it.
- I did meet a guy.
- Only one.
Girl, I got about four
hounding me already.
- Girl, that's because you fast.
But I mean anyway
he was different.
- Stacey, don't
fall for the game.
They all seem so different
and deep at first.
- No, he's a older guy.
He's a grad student.
I met him at my English class.
- [Jasmine] Older guy.
- [Stacey] Yeah.
- That might work.
Is he cute?
- You saw him at the step show.
- Who?
That guy you was
staring at all night.
- Stop it.
I was not staring I was just.
- Staring.
- No I was just--
- Looking.
But he gave me his card
and told me to call 'em.
- What he gave you his card?
- Yeah, what's wrong with that?
- He must of been watching
that Milton Brothers movie
"Do's and Don'ts of Dating".
I know the game.
- Girl open these books.
[light music]
♪ Staring at the head
of these blank page ♪
I have to admit this
is the first time
I have ever been taken to
a bookstore for a date.
- Oh, we never stop
learning, right.
- Well, I guess.
So what do you have me reading?
- Well, I noticed you like to
wear African [mumbles] garment
so I grabbed you a couple
African history books.
- How observant, thank you.
And what are you reading?
- Oh, books on filmmaking.
So if you're nice to me I might
put you in one of my films.
- Whatever.
I'll make sure to
keep you in line.
- Mm-hmm, okay.
So three weeks huh.
- What about three weeks?
- Well for the past
three weeks every night
you kept me on the phone
before you agreed
to go out with me.
- Well, I couldn't make all of
my availability easy, right.
- I mean you have
good conversation
that's why I was interesting
or I'd been gone
a long time ago.
- Oh, really.
We'll I guess I'll take
that as a compliment.
- You should.
- My mom always did
say, "I could talk a lot
"when I wanted to."
- Ha, yeah I believe her.
- Hey.
[laughing]
- So did you date a lot
when you was in high school?
- So that's where this
conversation is going.
- Inquiring minds wanna know.
- I dated a couple of
guys in high school.
- Anyone serious?
- Not really.
There was one guy that
I was serious with.
I was serious with
him junior year
but we broke up right
before prom night.
- Wait, what happened?
- Basically in a
nutshell I wasn't ready
to do the things that
teens do on prom night.
- Wow.
So he left you because of that.
- Yep.
- Well, that's his loss because
I'd never do that to you.
- We shall see.
- Well, enough of
the 21 questions.
Let's get outta here.
- All right.
[group chattering]
- I noticed.
Hey Stacey.
Wake up.
Stacey, wake up.
Hey wake up.
- Oh, hey Jas, what's up girl?
- Just getting in
from soccer practice.
I know you not slacking
already in these classes.
- [Stacey] Oh, girl I'm up.
Okay, I was just
resting my eyes.
- Yeah, sure.
- Hey this is my
teammate Tiffany.
- Hey, nice to meet you.
- Hi, nice to meet
you as well, Tiffany.
- Stacey, you look wore
out, you need that rest.
- Girl, I'm fine.
I was just on the phone
all night with Benjamin.
You know how that goes.
- And I also know your daddy's
gonna lay the smack down on
you for that cell phone bill.
- Ah, Stacey y'all must be
in the honeymoon phase, huh?
- Yeah, that's
what they call it.
[laughing]
- Well, you know if you
need help staying up
I know a guy with some pills.
I mean it's better than No
-Doz.
- Thank you but
I think I'm gonna
take a raincheck on that one.
- All right.
- Hello.
- Yeah.
- Oh, I've been thinking
about you all day too.
- She's already hooked.
[laughing]
But anyways did you
talk about coach?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Come on in.
- Thank you.
- Wow, you look great.
- Thanks.
Jasmine helped me pick this out.
- I see she have
an eye for fashion.
- Yes, she does.
- Oh, I hope you don't
mind taking off your shoes.
I'm trying to keep
this place clean here.
- Yeah, it's okay, I don't mind.
Where should I put them.
- [Benjamin] Right there
by the door is fine.
- [Stacey] Okay.
- Right this way.
- Thank you.
So have you made any films?
- Yeah, yeah, I made a couple
short films here on campus.
You know creating art is fun.
- Well thank you for doing that
because we need more
people that look like us
creating content for us.
- Indeed, thank you.
- [Stacey] You're welcome.
- Power to the people.
- Right back at ya.
[laughing]
- So are you close
to your family?
- Yeah, we are real close.
We pretty much do
everything together.
Come and think of it
this is the longest time
that we have ever been
away from each other.
- Really.
- Yeah.
So what about you, are you
close with your family?
- Nah, not so much.
You know my dad
he ran out on us
when I was about two-years-old.
- [Stacey] What?
- Yeah, so I reached out to
him about a couple years ago
but he kept his distance.
Let my mom tell he's
a no good player.
- What, damn.
I'm sorry to hear that you
had to go through that Ben.
Well, how are things
between you and mom?
- My mom, my mom still
tryin' to get over my dad.
You know she raised me to
the best of her ability
but I look so much like my dad
she take all her
frustration out on me.
So you know when I
finally see something
that's worth having
I try my best to keep
and sometimes to a default.
- Well, you don't have to worry
about any of that with me.
- If you don't like
the grades you receive
then that means you
need to step it up.
You can make the grades
up during midterms.
Class dismissed.
Except for you Stacey.
I said class dismissed.
How do you make
a C- in my class
when I know you can do better?
- I'm sorry Professor James--
- Sorry is a game made
by Parker Brothers,
it's a game board do
you like being played?
- No sir.
- Then why this, huh?
What's going on with you?
- I just gotta get my focus,
I been so tired lately.
- I'm sure that your parents
don't wanna hear any excuses,
they didn't send you
here to make any either.
You tired, what's the difference
between the Stacey now
and the Stacey that was here
at the start of the semester?
- I can handle it
Professor James.
I just didn't think.
I--
- You didn't think.
You didn't think.
You didn't even think!
Do you know what it took for
you to get into this classroom?
Stacey, do you know what your
people had to go through,
what our people
had to go through?
Do you know what our ancestors
had to deal with
just to get us here?
Do you know the bodies
that were severed?
The backs that were beaten?
Do you know the ones
that didn't make it
just so you could get
here in my classroom?
Stacey, let me give you
a little bit of history
when God made man
and called him Adam
but he put Adam asleep
and make him a helpmate
because Adam didn't even
know he needed help!
You understand me?
Eve was her name
but I'm gonna treat you like
Adam should've treated Eve
when she got
tricked by the Devil
because somebody's tricking you.
Do I make myself clear?
- [Stacey] Yes sir,
Professor James.
- Get out of my presence.
- [Stacey] Yes sir.
- And Stacey.
- Have a good evening.
- Hey what was that all about
between you and Professor James?
- Oh, my grades are slipping
so he just wanted to
give me a pep talk.
- [Benjamin] That's all.
- What do you mean?
- He wasn't brushin'
up on you, was he?
I mean you'd tell me.
- No, of course not.
He was just concerned
about my grades that's it.
- Okay.
- But I'm gonna
have to double down
on my studies for midterms
so I won't be able
to see you as much.
But I promise to call.
- I understand.
Let's just make it
count next time, deal.
- Deal.
[upbeat music]
- Hey you tryin' to
warn me about something.
You got me watching
this crazy movie.
[laughing]
- No, I just like
thriller films.
- What's this called anyways?
- "The Perfect Wife".
- "The Perfect
Wife" what a cliche.
- Shh, this is the good part.
[phone ringing]
- Let it ring.
You always jumping as
soon as your phone rings,
there somebody more
important than me?
- No, there's not.
But you know it
might be Jasmine.
- So.
- So me, Jasmine, and Tiffany
are supposed to be
hanging out today.
I mean you know they're my
girls, I'll always be with them.
- And what about me?
- What about you?
I spend all of my time with you.
I barely even get to see them.
Lately it's just been
you and these classes.
- Okay, well what's
wrong with that?
- What do you mean?
Boy, don't make me hurt you.
Over there being greedy.
- Look you don't need to
hang out with your friends.
- Wait, what?
Are you joking right now?
- Look at me, I'm all
the friends you need.
- Okay, so what about you,
don't you have friends?
- I'm like that rapper
Z-Ro, I only hang one.
- Oh my goodness what
am I gonna do with you?
- You almost there.
- Dang Stacey you look good.
Girl, where you going?
- Well thank you girl.
Benjamin is taking
me out tonight
but he didn't say
where he just said,
"That it's a surprise."
- Now Jasmine is gonna
expect the same thing.
Thanks a lot Stacey.
- Oh, no, no, no, do
not put me in the middle
of y'all two situation.
But step it up bro.
- Don't look at me you
seeing a grad student,
I'm just a freshman.
Holla me in five years.
- So is Benjamin coming over?
- Yeah.
- Oh, great.
So we finally get to meet him.
- Yeah, you've been
hiding him all semester.
- He's just a loner, okay.
He just likes to be by himself.
[door knocking]
Hello.
- Hey.
You look great.
- [Stacey] Thank you.
- Oh, I didn't know you
was gonna have a
packed house tonight.
- Stop being so nervous
these are just my friends.
And this is my roommate
Jasmine and her friend Anthony.
- Yo, what's up bro?
- Hey, how you doing?
- And this is my friend
Tiffany and her friend Eric?
- What's poppin'?
- Hey Benjamin, I mean
it's nice to meet you.
We've heard a lot about you.
- Well I hope it was good.
- For the most part.
- You ready to go babe.
- Yeah.
I thought you was gonna
wear your hair down?
You know I like it like that.
- Oh, yeah I know but I
just wanted to go ahead
and put it up so it
won't be in face.
- You know don't worry about it.
What was I thinking?
Maybe I was asking to much.
- No, no, no, it's okay.
Look I'll go change
it real quick.
I'll be right back.
[light music]
- [Jasmine] So how are things
going with you and Benjamin?
- It's good, I can't complain.
- You don't think things are
moving a little too fast?
- No, I think we're
at a good pace.
- Does he have a temper?
I've seen him snap on you a
little bit a few weeks back.
- I mean I can tell that
he likes things his way
but it's nothing I can't handle.
- Well, you know
I'm here for you.
I got your back, right.
- Yeah girl, thanks.
- Oh by the way Tiffany's
having a party next weekend,
can you come?
- Yes girl, you know I'm there.
Oh, and can Benjamin come?
- Yes, Benjamin can come.
- Thank you.
[laughing]
Oh and one more thing?
- [Jasmine] What's that?
- I'm taking Ben to meet
my parents next weekend.
- What?
Wow, it's getting serious.
Do you think your
family will like him?
- Yeah, I think so.
I mean it's not like
I bring boys home
all the time to meet them.
- I guess.
Like I said, I'm here for you,
you just let me
know how it goes.
- Thank you girl,
you know I will.
So you ready for this next 200.
Come on.
[laughing]
- [Jasmine] All right.
- Ah, look who finally came
home to visit her family.
- Mom, most you be so dramatic.
- You knew that was coming.
Who is this you got with you?
- Mom, this is my
boyfriend Benjamin.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- [Gladys] Boyfriend.
- Yes.
- You and I got a lot
to talk about missy.
- [Stacey] Okay mom.
- This is for you Mrs. Gladys.
- Oh.
- Did you hear
someone say boyfriend?
- Yes Dad, this is my
boyfriend Benjamin.
- Nice to meet ya Benjamin.
- It's a pleasure sir.
- Well, we gonna take this
party on into the dining room
where my beautiful wife Gladys
has prepared a delicious lunch.
After you.
- So Dad, what do you think?
- Fetch me a slice of pie.
Is that how he talks to you?
What the hell was that?
- Yes Dad, that's
just they way he talks
he doesn't mean anything by it.
- Stacey, I have to be
honest I don't like it, okay.
I think you should
focus more on school.
This relationship thing just
seems too serious right now.
I'm afraid it's
gonna distract you
and your grades are gonna drop.
You got the rest
of your life, okay.
- Okay Dad, I got it.
- [Winston] Stacey, I'm serious.
- I know.
- [Winston] Stay focused.
- All right.
- Fetch you a slap.
I almost punched
him in his face.
- Dad you are not
gonna punch him.
[rap music]
♪ I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ I think I'm going insane ♪
Oh, this is so cute.
- Yeah, are you sure about this?
I don't wanna seem like I'm
the only old guy up in here.
- Relax, nobody
thinks you're old.
- Oh my God, you made it.
- Happy birthday!
- Thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
- Of course, you know I was
not gonna miss your party.
- Hey Ben.
- Hey.
- [Tiffany] Look at
you looking all sharp.
- Thanks.
This is actually a nice party.
- Thank you, my girl Jasmine
here helped me put it together.
So you know.
- Jasmine look at
you looking all--
- I have a date
after this, okay.
- [Stacey] Okay,
well do your thing.
- Jas.
- Benjamin.
- Look, I'm gonna go grab
us some punch all right.
- Okay.
What was that all about?
- Girl it's nothing.
- Uh-uh, y'all are not about
to ruin my birthday party.
- Right.
- Okay.
Let's go get down
on this dance floor.
- Fine.
♪ Yo ♪
♪ That nigger ride
in the kickback ♪
[muffled rapping]
♪ Niggers on the ♪
- Hey.
- Hey, what's up.
- I'm fine.
- How are you?
How about yourself?
- I'm good.
- All right.
- You having fun?
- Yeah, what about you,
you enjoying the party?
- Yeah, it's pretty nice.
- Okay.
- Hell no.
Girl what you wanna do?
- I'm sure it's nothing he
probably already knows her.
- Yeah, it looks like she
knows him a little too well.
- [Zanita] I don't see
you here too often.
- Jasmine, just be cool.
It's probably not even all that.
- Hey.
Here you go.
- No, thank you.
Who was that girl?
♪ If you're dead in the head ♪
- Oh, that's nobody.
- Maybe it's his friend.
- Yeah, friend, yeah right.
- Look she's walking away.
It's cool.
- Who was nobody and why
was her hand on your hand?
- Girl don't be questioning
me. What's wrong with you?
We got a problem?
- No.
- That's right.
Now look, in 30
minutes be ready to go.
- Come on let's have
fun, it's my birthday.
- It's your birthday,
it's your birthday.
♪ Ain't nobody got
time for a nigger who ♪
[muffled rapping]
- Hey look, what's
that your face?
[mumbles].
♪ Double dog dare ♪
[muffled rapping]
- Pencils down, that's it.
When Mr. Williams picks up
your paper you are dismissed.
I'll have these papers graded
by the start of your next class.
- I've been calling you
for the past three days
and you haven't
answered my phone calls.
I'm only trying
to say I'm sorry.
Where you going?
- Mr. Williams.
- Yes, sir.
- I'm gonna holla at
you for a second man.
You do know I can get you
kicked out of this university
based on what I just saw, right?
- Yes sir.
- I suggest you take you some
anger management courses sir.
- I can handle myself sir.
- Oh, really.
- Yeah.
- There was a young lady
in my class last semester,
Karen Oliver.
[screaming]
- No, no!
- She got hurt really bad.
But she refused to talk to
anyone, the police or anybody
about what happened to her.
Now you wouldn't know
anything about that, right?
Control yourself Mr.
Williams or leave her alone.
I will get involved
if I have to.
You're dismissed sir.
[suspenseful music]
- What do you want?
- I need to speak to Stacey.
- She don't wanna see you.
- I have something
important to tell her.
- Did you not just
hear what I just said.
Don't you have some
thots to attend to.
- Man look I know
I made a mistake
but I'm not leaving this door
until I explain to Stacey.
Now get out my way.
- Jasmine...
let him in.
- Uh.
- I'm sorry.
- Sorry for what?
- For the way I've
been acting lately.
You don't deserve
that kinda treatment.
- Right, I don't deserve that.
Who was the girl at
the party Benjamin?
- Zanita Smith,
she's a actress I had
in a couple of my short films.
Look I didn't know she
was gonna be there.
- Why didn't you
just tell me that
when I asked you the first time?
- I don't know I was just
acting stupid and selfish.
- Well, from where
I was standing
it looked like something's
going on between the two of you.
- I know how it most
of looked to you
but there's nothing going
on between her and I.
You have to believe me.
- Why should I?
- Look I want you
to meet my mother.
I mean she's the only person
that means a lot
to me in my family.
I mean I must warn you she
can get a bit harsh at times.
- Your mother.
I don't, I don't
know what to say.
- Say yes, please.
- Yes.
- You wanna go to
the student center.
- Yeah, let me
just get my purse.
Okay.
[dramatic music]
You have a lovely home.
- Do I?
- Yes, you do.
- Thanks for noticing.
- [Stacey] Your welcome.
- Benjamin where'd you find her?
She's cute.
- I told you momma, we
go to school together.
- Boy don't get smart with me!
Now you watch your
tone in my house.
- Benjamin is the
professor's aid
in my class, English
literature advanced.
- Advanced.
So you one of those smart girls.
What you doing with my son?
[laughing]
I'm just kidding.
Yeah, you always did like
I'm young and smart though
just like his daddy.
- Momma.
- What?
- That's enough.
- Benjamin is also
smart and kind.
He took me out for our
first date to the bookstore.
Now how many girls can say that?
- Not many.
It sounds like a cheap date.
- Well no, we also go to
parties and step shows together.
As a matter of fact
we're going to another
step show this Friday.
- Well, hopefully he'll keep
up the good work with you.
I'm sure you'll
keep him in line.
- Will do Ms. Williams.
What kinda spices did
you put in this gumbo,
this taste so good?
- That's just a
old family recipe.
Boy get that food off your face!
You don't feel that right there!
And put the cloth around
your shirt like I showed you.
- Yes, Momma.
- Godliness is next
to cleanliness.
- Cleanliness next
to Godliness Momma.
- I told you don't
get smart with me.
Like I was saying,
hopefully he'll keep up
the good work with you.
Looking for somebody to
pass this recipe down to.
Seriously though how's
my son treating you?
- I mean we have
our ups and downs
just like everyone else.
- Are you sure he's
not kicking you down.
- You know what that's it.
- What?
- We gotta go.
- Benjamin, what is going on?
- You have a good night Momma.
- [Stacey] Benjamin.
- Well I guess y'all don't
want the peach cobbler than.
[upbeat music]
- So how was dinner last night
with Benjamin and his mom?
- Let's just say I see
where he gets some of
best personality from.
- She was crazier than Benjamin.
Glad I wasn't there.
- Girl she was just so negative.
I mean not towards me, mostly
towards Benjamin her only son.
- Look, hurt people hurt people.
- What do you mean?
- I never told you this
but I was a victim of domestic
violence in high school.
- What?
Jasmine I don't understand
you're so strong.
I can't imagine somebody
putting their hands on you.
- Honestly I didn't see it
either till it happened.
- I mean if you don't mind
telling me what happened?
- I had a boyfriend in high
school, we were so in love.
In my eyes he could no wrong.
My friends would tell me
he had a drinking problem
'cause his dad not
being there for him
and he could be
violent at times.
- Jeez I mean did you
even believe them?
- I mean maybe but I
didn't see any of that
when he was with me.
Till this one day
we were at a party
I was talking to
one of my homeboys,
we were laughing and joking.
My boyfriend was
drinking of course
and he took the
situation the wrong way
and he beat up my
friend really bad.
- What did you do?
- What could I do?
I yelled, I screamed, I
begged for him to stop
but he didn't.
Then he took me in the
backroom called me a whore.
I told him, "I
wanted to go home."
But I guess out of
frustration he slapped me.
Of course he said, "He was
sorry, he'd never do it again."
- Jasmine did you take him back?
- I loved him.
What could I do?
I couldn't see myself
with anyone else but him
until it happened again.
After that I told my
dad and my brothers
and they went to
pay him a visit.
After that he literally
wouldn't look my way at school.
- Wow Jasmine.
- Look I'm not telling
you to get some goons
if these happens to you
but at least seek
help of some sort.
- Thank you for
sharing that with me.
- Of course.
- Babe.
You got a text
message from Tiffany.
- Oh, okay thank you.
Get my phone.
- I got it.
What's your code?
- Why do you wanna know my code
can I just please have my phone?
- What we hiding things
from each other now?
- I'm not hiding
anything from you.
- Okay, so why you got
a code on your phone?
I don't have one on mine.
You know why?
Because I trust you.
I'm not hiding anything.
- Tweety108.
- Your kid sister.
- Yes.
- Man don't Tiffany got
anything better than do,
she got some studying
or something?
Man she all hyped about
this step show tonight.
- You'd be surprised
she studies hard.
She made the Dean's List.
She just party's harder.
- If you say so.
Who is Simon Taylor?
- My math tutor, why?
- Because he called
you yesterday at noon.
- Yeah, he was trying to see
which part of the
library to meet up at.
- Who's Kevin Smith?
He called you a couple
times on Monday.
- He is just my friend.
- Friend.
- Yes, we are just friends.
- He is just a friend
that I don't know about.
- Look he's in psych class
and he helps me with my work
and sometimes he
just makes jokes.
- Jokes, what kinda jokes?
- I don't know just jokes.
- Oh, so he's a funny guy.
And you like funny guys?
- Look I don't know where
you're going with this
but I'm not cheating,
that's not me.
[dramatic music]
- Listen to me, you don't
need no male friends.
Man, man I tell you made me
forget what I need to write.
- I'm sorry.
- Make yourself useful,
go fix me somethin' to eat.
I got a lot of errands to run.
- Okay.
- And hurry up.
- Hey babe.
- Hey.
- Why weren't you at the
step show everyone was there.
- I had a paper that was due.
Where you been?
- Just around the
campus with the girls.
- Did you forget?
Cleanliness is
next to godliness.
Why you always hanging
with them hood rats?
- Jasmine is the
furthest from a hood rat.
- And Tiffany?
- She's just likes to have fun.
- Get up.
Turn around for me.
What are you wearing?
You look like you
like to have fun too.
Am I right?
- No, I'm not like that.
- You know I love you right?
You know that right?
Okay.
Good.
- I love you too.
You can finish getting ready,
I'm gonna go ahead
and fix your noodles.
- Yeah, you do that.
[upbeat music]
[vocalizing]
- Hey.
- Is he putting
his hands on you?
- He's not hitting me if
that's what you're asking.
- No yet but it's coming.
- [Stacey] You don't know that.
- Stacey, I told you
about my situation,
physical abuse is most
likely the next step.
- He has a good side to him
you just haven't seen it yet.
- And you haven't
seen it in while.
Look, I'm here to help you
but you have to help yourself.
I can change him.
I can let him know that the
relationship isn't working out
how I want it to.
- He's a man.
- He's understanding--
- He's gonna be who he is.
- Well I have faith in him.
[vocalizing]
[door knocking]
- What you doing in my house?
- No, you don't get to
ask the questions now.
I'm gonna talk and
you're gonna listen.
- Really.
- What are you doing
putting your hands on her?
She's scared of you now.
This whole relationship
ends today.
- Whoa, whoa, it ends
when I say it ends.
And besides whatever she
told you I didn't do it.
The only thing I did was
talk to her and that was it.
- We both know that's a lie.
- Prove it.
- I will.
- What a minute, what
are you gonna do, huh?
Because I don't see her
going to no cops on me.
You know why?
Because she loves me.
- I don't think she
loves coward Benjamin
'cause that's what you are,
a weak sorry spineless coward
that picks on young girls.
- Wow, what a big
mouth you have.
Someone should teach
you how to shut it.
- And who gonna teach me, you?
Is that how you plan on
teaching my friend Stacey?
Look, I don't care about you.
I'll put them laws in your life.
- Tell 'em what you wanna
tell 'em you have no proof.
It's your word against ours.
I'm her man, I know
what's best for her
and don't you ever forget it.
- If you knew
what's best for you,
you would stay out of her life.
- What'd you say to me?
- You heard me.
- Are you threatening me?
- I'm just telling
like it is boo.
Karma don't play no games.
- Let me explain
something to you,
when I lay hands on
Stacey she understands.
Yeah, she understands
that I have to teach her.
Yeah, yeah, she
understands I have
to teach her wrong from right.
Teach her how to respect
and treat her man.
You see I can tell your man
haven't been treating you right.
See you got your head held
way to high baby girl.
You should bump it down a taste.
- Man, you a man,
I don't think so.
You're a little boy
pretending to be a man.
You probably never even grew
up with a man inside the house.
You're a little boy who likes
to throw temper
tantrums on young girls.
Isn't that right Benjamin?
Let me ask you something
where's your mother?
Yeah, that would explain a lot.
Yeah, you got the right one
'cause if you put your hands
on me you better kill me.
- Get out of my house.
Get out of my house.
- Or what?
[laughing]
- Benjamin.
- Hey, how you doing Stacey?
- Good.
- Can I speak with
you for a moment?
- Kevin this is
boyfriend Benjamin.
- Oh, Benjamin man, look
pleasure to meet you man,
heard a lot about you.
- How you doing brother?
- [Kevin] I'm doing
all right, yourself.
- All right.
- Let me talk to Benjamin,
I'll catch up with
you later Kevin.
- Okay, I'll see you in class.
- Okay.
- And Benjamin, nice
to meet you man.
- Must you continue
to embarrass me.
Now who the hell was that?
- That's Kevin.
- Who?
- Kevin the funny
guy I told you about
that's in one of my classes.
- Well, it looked like
you just broadcasting
your relationship to the
public with this dude.
- I told you he
is just my friend.
- Friend.
- Yes, yes.
[groaning]
- Get up.
You okay?
- What?
- Look now I told you
I'm your only friend.
Now let's go.
- I don't know what
I wanna listen to.
- [Jasmine] What the heck
happened to your arm?
- Look it's nothing,
it's my fault.
- You better tell me
what happened before
I go to the cops.
- Ben asked me very
nicely to stop talking
to other guys on campus
and I didn't listen.
- So what?
That's called manipulative
and being controlling.
- I know.
- Come on Stacey.
I'm gonna go talk to the
professor, I promise.
- You better 'cause
if you don't I will.
And I mean that.
I can't believe him.
- Well good morning, this
is a pleasant surprise.
- Good morning,
Professor James.
I was wondering if I could
talk to you about something.
Sure but if this is
about your last grade
I'm sorry I can't change that.
You had quite a few
grammatical errors.
- No sir, it's not about that.
It's about Benjamin and I.
I've been dating your graduate
assistant Benjamin Williams.
- Yeah, I'm aware.
- Well, we've been having a few
problems in our relationship
and I just wanted
your advice on it.
- What kind of problems Stacey?
- Well, Benjamin and I
have fun for the most part
we have a great time together
but when things
just don't go right
and everything's not going well
it just gets so bad so fast.
And I guess what
I'm trying to say
is that I think he
has anger issues
but something he just
can't control it.
- Stop.
Is he putting his hands on you?
- Yes.
- Are you afraid of him?
- Professor James I don't
wanna get him in trouble.
- Listen, if he's
putting his hands on you
and causing you bodily
harm you know things
can progress worse
than that, right?
And you shouldn't be with him.
- No.
- Stacey, I'm gonna
give you a number
to a very good friend
of my across the hall
in the next building.
You call her, okay.
And she can give you the next
step that you need to take.
I really appreciate you
bringing this information to me.
- Thank you so much
Professor James.
- Thank you.
You gonna be okay
I promise you that.
- Okay.
- Call her now.
- I will.
- Okay.
- [Benjamin] You
wanted to see me sir.
- Oh, yeah.
First you are no longer
my graduate assistant,
do you understand?
I don't wanna see
you in my class.
you on this campus.
And I definitely don't
wanna see you around
any of my students
anymore, you understand me?
- What, what, what,
where's this coming from?
- Mr. Benjamin,
you put your hands
on any young girls lately?
- Look, look Professor
whatever she told you
look I can explain.
- Whoa, ain't no need.
I'm sure if pick up
my phone right now
and call any of
your ex-girlfriends
they all have very
similar stories.
Do you catch where
I'm coming from?
Look Benjamin, listen
to me carefully dog
go get you some help
but get out of my class.
- You don't want me to
get the laws involved.
Do I make myself clear?
- Got it.
- Good.
And leave my
credentials at my door.
- I'm about to hang up.
For real I am.
Why didn't you hang up?
No babe, you.
- Girl if you don't
get off that phone.
- Okay babe I gotta go for real.
Yes.
I love you too.
I love you, I love
you, I love you.
[lips smacking]
Excuse me somebody's a hater.
- Please, do you
wanna see my phone?
I keep a rotation.
- Whatever.
What's up Stac?
How are you and Benji?
- Girl not good right now.
[door knocking]
- Speak of the devil.
It's Benjamin at the door.
Should I answer it?
All right.
- [Benjamin] What's up Tiff?
- [Tiffany] Hey.
- Jas.
Hello Stacey.
- Hello.
- Can we talk alone?
- Whatever you have to say to me
you can say in front--
- Man, you haven't
answered my calls or texts.
- So what does that tell you?
- And I have somethin'
important to talk to you about.
Can we talk in private please?
- Look you have five minutes.
- I'm so sick of him.
- He's so fucking rude.
[groans]
- What the hell you doing
going to Professor James?
Don't you know I lost my
[mumbles] 'cause of you.
Huh?
Shut up.
Now you listen to me.
Listen to me.
Snitches get stitches,
you understand me?
Huh?
Don't nobody love you like I do.
Look at you.
You're fat, you're ugly,
and you ain't that smart.
Come here.
This is your fault, not mine.
[crying]
- Oh my God.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Wait, just try not to move.
Call the police.
- [Tiffany] Okay.
- [mumbles].
- That's him right there.
Excuse me.
Runner.
Are you Benjamin Williams?
- Yes.
- This is Officer Smith,
I'm Officer Johnson,
we're from the Texas
Central Campus Police.
Show me some ID.
- May I ask why?
- You don't know.
Didn't do your best
impression of Ike Turner
on your girlfriend
just yesterday?
- Man I don't know what
you're talking about.
[laughing]
- Yeah.
- Let me see your hand.
- Look is this really necessary?
- From the looks of your
girlfriend it's necessary.
Now show me your right hand.
I won't ask again.
What happened to
your right hand?
- I don't remember.
- He don't remember Smith.
- So you don't remember
boxing your girlfriend?
- Man, look whatever
she told you.
- What?
- I ain't do nothing.
- Yeah get him
down, get him down.
Put your hands behind your back.
You're being arrested
for assault and battery.
- Really.
- Yep.
- What, come on man really?
- [Officer Johnson]
Oh, yeah really.
- That's all right I'll
be out in the morning.
- Yeah right, well
tell it to the judge.
- Pretty boy think you
gonna be out in the morning.
- Right.
- That's funny.
[laughing]
- Got me up that this
jail early this morning.
What if I had warrants?
I tell yam you don't think
about no one but yourself
just like your daddy.
- Mom, I didn't do it.
- Yes you did!
Now you just cut out
all this foolishness
and control your temper.
You gonna touch the wrong girl
somethin' gonna happen to you.
Go on get in this car.
- Would you like
some coffee or water?
- I'm okay.
- So tell me, how
you feeling dear?
- I'm just trying
to get through it.
- Have you gone through
domestic violence before?
- No.
And I never thought
that I would have to
because I'm smarter than that.
- You are, you are a
smart strong woman.
- It doesn't feel like it.
- Stacey, a lot of
women don't tell anyone
for months or even years.
This is why I'm really happy
that you did go
to the professor.
Have you told anyone else?
- No one else knows
besides my two friends
at school Jasmine and Tiffany.
- Why haven't you
told your parents?
- I can't tell them.
My parents won't understand
and they would never let
me out of their sight.
- You have absolutely nothing
to be embarrassed about.
- But I do feel embarrassed.
- I mean after all that
is what family is for.
I'm sure that they love you
and care about you very much.
And I would encourage
you to talk to them.
- But what about
my little sister,
she's only 16-years-old
and she look up to me,
what is she gonna think?
- She'll probably
think I'm really proud
of my big sister for one.
And she may feel
anger or sadness
but mostly she would
probably be relieved.
- Relieved.
- Yes, relieved.
You see I don't know if
you realize this or not
but you are teaching her
a very valuable lesson.
Your courage is showing
her what to look for
in men like that in
any relationship.
- I never thought
of it like that.
- Stacey, do you think
it was your fault
that he put his hands on you?
- Sometimes yes.
Sometimes I believe that
if I would just wear
what he wants me to wear
everything would be okay.
If I just bend to his will
that everything will be okay.
- Stacey, as a survivor
of domestic violence
I'm here to tell you right now
that everyone and I
mean every single person
is responsible for
their own behavior.
They're accountable for their
own actions and reactions.
Especially men like Benjamin.
I know his kind very well.
But I want you to
walk away today,
I want you to know,
I need you to know
that this is not your fault.
It is not your fault, okay.
- Okay.
- Say it, it is not my fault.
- This is not my fault.
- Say it again Stacey.
- [Counselor] Again, Stacey.
- This is not my fault.
- And it's not baby girl,
it is not your fault, okay.
Listen I have card
I wanna give you
there's some information on here
about a group for victims
of domestic violence
I think it would help
with your healing.
- Thank you.
- Your welcome.
It'll be better, I promise.
[dramatic music]
[group chattering]
- Sweetheart, what's wrong.
I can tell something's
bothering you, is it school?
What's going on?
- It's about Benjamin.
- Benjamin and you
are not getting along.
Couples do argue from
time to time baby.
- It's grown to much
more than that Mom.
He used to be so
nice and considerate
then he started to get
upset and possessive
and he even wanted to
know who, where, when
or why I need to hang
out with my own friends.
- Wait, has he started
putting his hands on you?
- I'm going to kill him.
- Nah, baby girl you
not gonna do anything
because I'm going to kill him.
- Wait, we don't need any
family members in jail.
We're gonna let the police
deal with this misguided soul.
- Why didn't you come to us?
- I thought I could handle it.
I thought I could change him.
- You don't have to handle
these things by yourself.
That's what family is for.
- I'm so sorry I let
you down little sis.
- I'm learning just like you.
You never let me down.
You're so brave.
You're my hero.
- We're gonna get through
this together as a family.
And I want you to know that
you wasn't dealing with a man
that's a boy, a damn coward.
I don't care how old you are
anyone who prays on the
defenseless is a coward.
- I'm just glad that you
found out about him now
rather than years
later after a baby
and after he stole your youth.
- [Stacey] Right Mom.
- We're here for you baby.
Your family is here for you.
It's gonna be okay.
- Good evening ladies,
thank you for coming out.
We have a new member
with us today,
her name is Stacey.
- [Group] Hi, Stacey.
- Hi.
- Thank you for
coming out Stacey.
Who wants to share first?
Demetria.
- How could someone
that I love beat me?
He was my husband.
I cooked, cleaned,
ironed his clothes,
and I even stayed with him
after he had a baby
outside of our marriage.
He had my mind and my heart
and he purposely [mumbles].
[crying]
- Thank you for
sharing Demetria.
- Hi.
- I hope being here
today helped you.
- It did but I kinda feel bad
'cause I didn't get a
chance to tell my story.
- Everyone doesn't tell
their story on the first day.
And Mrs. Rose
doesn't push you to.
I was here about a week
before I told my story.
I guess it's similar to yours.
- Why would you say
something like that.
- I dated Benjamin
last semester.
And I've seen you two
hanging around campus
and I can only imagine
what he's done to you.
- Did you go to the police?
- No, I was embarrassed
to tell anybody.
My family and friends
they all loved him.
He was so charming.
But I had this one close
cousin she knew the truth
and she saw right through him.
- How did you get him to stop?
- The last time I saw
him he beat me so bad.
- Answer me when
I'm talking to you!
- I just stopped answer
the phone, text messages
but it took him about a
month to get the point.
- In time do you think we
will ever be able to heal
from this situation?
- I think so
as long as we learn
from this relationship
we'll be all right.
- You're right.
- Hey, here's my card
whenever you wanna talk
just hit me up.
- Thank you.
- So I'll be seeing you
again next Thursday.
- Yeah.
- And don't think I
ain't see you talk
to that dude in the cafeteria.
- Who David?
I told you he's dating
one of my line sisters.
Babe you really gotta chill.
- Watch your tongue when
you're talking to me.
And slow down that walk.
You walking too fast.
Stay on my hip.
And stop poppin' that gum.
It's disrespectful.
Give it here.
[crying]
Now you quit all that
crying and go in there
and clean yourself up.
And you better be
here when I get back.
[crying]
[dramatic music]
[blooping]
- I'm about to go to my
car to get my biology book.
- Hurry up.
- What you want it for?
Look you get caught with
this you don't know me.
Hey, this is what you load it.
[gun bangs]